1050

For musicians who want to rediscover the style and sound of Fender's Golden Age, we have created the Vintera '60s Jazzmaster. This guitar features all the prized elements of the decade - including the neck profile and feel of vintage models, but also reconfigured pickups. It delivers all of the characteristic bite and twang that made the Jazzmaster a true legend. N n n nWe have modified the pair of Jazzmaster single-coil pickups; their behavior is closer to that of the original models and they offer an authentic vintage sound. The warmth and smoothness of the neck pickup is offset by the shine and bite of the model in the bridge position. The 'Mid 60s C' profile neck is finished with an elegant painted head and topped with a 7.25 "(184mm) radius maple fingerboard with 21 vintage-style frets, ensuring a classic feel. A Jazzmaster bridge from vintage style with a floating vibrato and also vintage style tuners give the instrument a vintage aesthetic while ensuring unparalleled performance and perfect tuning stability. This guitar finally includes the classic Lead / Rhythm circuit , chrome hardware and a four-screw neck mounting plate. A deluxe gig bag is included. For musicians who want the style and sound of Fender's Golden Age, we've created the Vintera '60s Jazzmaster . This guitar features all of the prized elements of the decade - including the neck profile and feel of vintage models, but also reconfigured pickups. It delivers all of the characteristic bite and twang that made it so. t of the Jazzmaster a true legend.
We have modified the pair of single-coil Jazzmaster pickups; their behavior is closer to that of the original models and they offer an authentic vintage sound. The warmth and smoothness of the neck pickup is offset by the shine and bite of the model in the bridge position. The 'Mid 60s C' profile neck is finished with an elegant painted head and topped with a 7.25 "(184mm) radius maple fingerboard with 21 vintage-style frets, ensuring a classic feel. A Jazzmaster bridge from vintage style with a floating vibrato and also vintage style tuners give the instrument a vintage aesthetic while ensuring unparalleled performance and perfect tuning stability. This guitar finally includes the classic Lead / Rhythm circuit , chrome hardware and four-screw neck mounting plate, a deluxe cover included.

Body : Alder
Body finish : Gloss Polyester
Body Binding : None
Body shape : Jazzmaster
Knobs : Aged White
Fingerboard : Pau Ferro
Hardware : Nickel/Chrome
Pickguard : 4-Ply Tortoiseshell
Inlays : White Dot
Nech finish : Gloss Urethane
Neck Construction : 4-Bolt
Neck pickup : Vintage-Style '60s Single-Coil Jazzmaster
Orientation : Right-Hand
Configuration : SS
Refinement Pickups : Vintage-Style
Nut : Synthetic Bone
Bridge pickup : Vintage-Style '60s Single-Coil Jazzmaster
Switch : 3-Position Toggle: Position 1. Bridge Pickup, Position 2. Bridge And Neck Pickups, Position 3. Neck Pickup
Pickup configuration : SS
Bridge : 6-Saddle Vintage-Style Adjustable with "Floating" Tremolo Tailpiece
Tuning machines : Vintage-Style
Strings : Fender USA 250L Nickel Plated Steel (.009-.042 Gauges), PN 0730250403
Case/ gigbag : Included: Deluxe Gig Bag
Radius : 7.25" (184.1 mm)
Refinement Fingerboard Radius : Vintage
Frets syze : Vintage
Neck material : Maple
Refinement Neck Material : Maple
Neck profil : Mid '60s "C"
Refinement Neck Shape : C Shape
Frets : 21